Today, this is an interview with Dr. Bill Gregory
by Michael Picard on the 11th to the 30th at Texas
A&M University concerning Vietnam. In the
interest of accumulating knowledge, I'm asking
you to donate this tape to me at this time, Dr.
Gregory. Is that all right with you? Yeah, you're
welcome to use it in your classwork, but I want you
to not use it in anything else. All right. Can I have
a little information about your background and
education?
I went to high school, a private school in
Tennessee, Webb School. Graduated there in 50,
right at the start of the Korean War. Then I spent
two and a half years at SMU
studying geology at that At the time, the call to go
flying airplanes was more than schoolwork, and so
I dropped out of college, went into aviation
cadets, and got my wings commissioned in 1955,
February.
From that point on, I flew a multitude of
airplanes, advanced jet gunnery, school in 1958.
After
that period of time, I flew some bombers, most
notable of which was the B-58. When we shut down the
B-58s, I went over to Vietnam and flew gunships and
was an operations officer there for a year. And
then concluded my career in the Air Force in 1973
and went back to college in Started all over again
and got degrees from Southwest Texas and Texas
A&M.
Dr. Gregory, could you give me some ideas about
your military education and what it consisted of?
Right, Mike. Of course, it started off with the
indoctrination forces down at Lackland.
basically everybody went through, we went
through his aviation cadets, which is a little bit
stricter program for six weeks. And then for the
next 12 weeks, it was 12 weeks long. And then from
that point, we went 12 months into flying school.
We had, of course, every morning or afternoon we
flew. And on the other part of the day, we had
classroom activities. So it was a pretty
intensive 12 month program from that point on. All
the formal training that we had in the military was
sort of a continuous activity of classroom or
flight training.
I did squadron officer school, which is sort of
prerequisite for anyone to continue in the Air
Force. All of my flying schools, like for B-47s,
B-58s, T-39s, F-100s,
F-86s all took about three months each. And so the
career in the Air Force is a continuous education
program. You go from one school, one job. As you
advance in rank, you generally are re-schooled in
certain other areas. I also took a couple of ground
courses I was qualified as a surface and air
transportation officer very early in my career
and later chemical, biological and nuclear
warfare officer.
In the last few years of my career, I attended riot
control school in Fort Benning, Georgia, which
was an unusual opportunity to mix with mayors, law
enforcement officials and whatever from
Washington DC, Gary, Indiana, Kent State
University and all over the country. So our
military education was a continuous thing. I felt
like I was in school for 20 years while I was in the
service.
Dr. Gregory, why and when did you join the
services? Mike, I joined in I applied in February
of 1953 and had to go through a battery test. Many
of the youth of the United States wanted to get
involved in the Korean War and there was of course a
large draft going on. A lot of people wanted to get
in the Air Force or Navy rather than being in the
ground forces in the Army. I had to wait until
October for a class assignment. And during that
time, I was almost drafted in the Army. I came up
and, fortunately, had a school deferment that
allowed me to wait for my class assignment. The
motivation for it, I guess, from about the fourth
grade, I've always wanted to fly airplanes.
utmost in my mind to to want to do something like
that and of course the Korean conflict again put
the romance of the war back in everybody's mind
that you know had read about World War II or World
War I and of course I was a young boy during World War
II and had been a spotter for the Civil Guard and all
that sort of thing. And just loved airplanes and
had flown several times before that. So my
motivation was strictly to go fly airplanes and be
a fighter pilot. Dream of every young man that was
very aggressive at that time.
Dr. Grege, were the man in your squadron mentally
and physically trained from Vietnam? And could
you explain their training? All right, Mike.
Certainly the individuals that were sent to
Vietnam were considered to be professional
soldiers. The officers, of course, have been
through extensive flying or navigation training
and definitely were highly trained. The mental
aspects of the officers in my organization I had
very, very little problems with anybody other
than to take care of the mission we were assigned.
They knew it was their job. We had no doubt that we
were there for that reason, and they did very well
at it. Our enlisted men, the NCOs, of course, had 10
to 15, 18 years of service and were probably some of
the best in their career fields. Most of my NCOs
were flight engineers.
It had four or five thousand flying hours in other
aircraft and had taken care of aircraft and worked
with them their entire career. The younger people
were my gunnery people for the gunships we had and
people we call illuminator operators who were it
was a new field that was developing the gunnery the
older gunnery people we always had people that
handled munitions and what have you but very few
operation
individuals operated guns as they did in world war
ii until they developed the gunship. And now
again, we had people that were standing by these
guns again. They fired automatically, but they
had to load them, maintain them, and even tear them
down and rebuild them in flight while we were in a
combat operation.
How successful was your gunship squadron during
Vietnam? Could you explain? Mike, I'll try to. I
was the operations officer of a small AC gunship
called the AC-119G model. It was the second
generation of gunships in Vietnam. The
magic dragon was the first one, the AC-47. We had
another model of our airplane, the 119K, that had
two jet engines and it had 20 caliber Gatling guns.
20 millimeter, excuse me. We had the NATO round
mini guns in four of them in the other, in our
gunship and the K model also had four of those. It
was a fairly sophisticated airplane and had a
radar system, a ballistic computer.
The K model also had a radar to pick out targets
with. As far as sighting the thing, we had an
automatic system that the navigator worked out of
the backside of the airplane that we call a NOS, a
night observation device, and it gave you a
negative relief picture, and you could see down
into the jungle at night very clearly with it. Our
operation at Thompson-Nood Air Base in Saigon
was, we were the only combat operation on the base.
As far as what we call a combat operation, we were
the only operating outfit on the base that fired an
enemy and was fired back upon. There was another
outfit in C-47s that dropped leaflets all the time
that we called BS bombers, but ours was the single
combat outfit there. uh as far as the
effectiveness of our group uh our the control for
the combat area was right there at tonson and i was
friends with several people carl skillar who was
the commander of the command post and they were the
people that gave us our clearances to fire and he
always was amused when certain pilots of mine got
up in the air because he knew the results would grow
up markedly on the days that these individuals
flew and the motivation of these guys to do the job
and try to to assist the the people that were
defending themselves against the vietcong
highly motivated throughout their 12-month tour
of duty i would say that our combat operations we
received the A couple of presidential citations
and what have you, which was normal for most
outfits, but our greatest achievement was the
fact that we never lost a man or an airplane in the 12
months I was there. We had two minor Purple Hearts
or really battle scratches from shells coming in
the airplane, but the individuals We were never
even taken off flying status for their injuries.
And we were real proud that we never lost an
airplane. We, of course, came very close and took
some severe hits, but the quality of the pilots who
followed the tactical doctrine that we created
there at Thompson, as long as they followed it,
they stood a chance of surviving. And we did. I had
personally came there with nine. officer crew
members and we all went home on the same airplane
together which was a gratifying thing and we felt
like we did quite a bit of good. We were working out
of Vietnam in Cambodia in areas that were called
Freedom Deal and places like that that were
classified by the White House as things that we
needed to defend and still have good friends from
from the people of Cambodia. One of them lives in
the general room that lives up in Dallas now. It's
really an interesting thing to go day by day and
feel like you are keeping these people alive, so to
speak. How many of your men or career are enlisted
in your squadron? The squadron we had there was 234
flying personnel.
On each aircraft, we had an eight-man crew, four
officers and four enlisted men consisting of
pilot, co-pilot, a navigator, an observation
device operator, two gunnery men, a flight
engineer, and an illuminator operator for the
rear. We had ten crews and basically three other
officers in the squadron so we had approximately
43 people we supposedly we had a maintenance
officer I only saw a maintenance officer there
three months so that was one of my additional
duties while I was there maintenance and ops
officer and at one time the squadron commander was
gone for three months and so I got all three of the
jobs so it was sort of a consuming job you you work
from seven in the morning to seven at night doing
your regular duties. I flew 175 combat missions
while I was there on top of my regular duties. In
fact, the first five months I didn't take a day off.
And that was sort of what was expected and what was
seen out of all the crew members. Our gunners, who
were always short of them, they flew a schedule of
six days on and one day off. Was there a difference
between a career man and an enlisted man? They had
to join because of the draft. Was there a
difference in their performance? In any big
operations, you always have a few problems with
people. We were really blessed by the fact that we
had very little problems with drugs in our
operations. To my knowledge, and of course this is
just a guess, we had one person involved in heroin
and he came in and turned himself in three days
before he went back. He was a radio communications
maintenance person, enlisted man. I always
wondered about him. He smiled all the time and
seemed like he was happy and he was hooked on
heroin. That was when the time he turned himself in
was about June of of 1971 when they started the
Golden Stream operations, which was checking
people for drugs out of Vietnam and trying to start
controlling some of the input back into the United
States. I'm sure there must have been some
marijuana smoking there. To my knowledge, I know
of no pilot or officer crew member who was ever
involved with any Hallucinogenic drug now. We all
probably drank too much. After missions and we had
a what we call a party hooch. And I was able to. Get
for our squadron just a month after I got there and.
We. As officers 43 of us. Consumed a tremendous
amount of beer each month. In fact, we flew 100
cases in from Philippines each month and that was
not enough to get us through. But after a four-hour
mission in the night or in the daytime when your
people are shooting at you, you probably need a
beer or two or four or five to unwind before you hit
the bed and think about getting up for the next
mission. As far as any other problem with these
guys, I don't guess I've ever worked in a more
professional outfit. Our maintenance people
worked around the clock sometimes just to keep our
airplanes going when we had a bad string of
maintenance problems. We just had minimum amount
of maintenance failures and we ended up with a
efficiency rating of 97% at the end of the 12
months, which is, I've forgotten what the person
said when he told me about it, We eclipsed any other
American operation in Vietnam by a number of
points. I was really proud to work with guys like
that that were so dedicated. What were your daily
operations during your squadron? My normal
operation was down at the office at 7 o'clock in the
morning.
handle the scheduling scheduling problems the
maintenance problems all the paperwork that
develops in an operation like that being
available when we had a pre-chef radio contact
with all our aircraft all the way out to Phnom Penh
and whenever they had a took a hit or or had a main
engine problem or something that was going to give
them some trouble we were able to go through the
emergency procedures and got them all back in a
couple times we had to put them in the nom panel
overnight and then send people out to repair the
airplane and of course we could not and did not stay
overnight in cambodia there was a decree by the
ambassador there that no military people more
than 18 people assigned would ever be in cambodia
24 hours so when we airplane go down we had to go in
and work eight hours and come out It added an extra
load to our operation as anything like that does.
But otherwise, I guess majority, I'd say over half
of my missions were nighttime missions. After
finishing at about 7 o'clock, I'd get some dinner
and then either set one of the pilots down and tell
him I was taking his mission or fly along as an
evaluation. I was also the senior instructor
pilot for the operation, and I had to watch and see
who was ready to become upgraded to instructor
pilot status, how they were running their crews,
and sometimes if one of my young line pilots was
looking a little tired, I'd just bump him and take
his crew and let him get a nice rest extra and seem to
help and keep him in good spirits. What were some of
the major problems of the combat flying
operations in aircraft maintenance? The
maintenance problems? Right. Really the old
C-119 was a forgiving old bird if you flew it by the
manual. One of the biggest problems I had was had
developed three different ways people would try
to take the aircraft off after if they lost an
engine after decision point and the book was the
only accurate one you flew it on an exact
acceleration curve climb speed and
vertical velocity
people had generated thought of pulling it off
early which is always the kiss of death i think and
the other people would leave it on the ground and
let it wind up high and then pull it up, but you ended
up out of the flying envelope, so to speak, and the
people before me lost two airplanes. One of the
things I demanded of my pilots, and I jumped up and
down on the tables, danced, screamed, hollered,
and cried, whatever to do to get them to listen to me
and to operate the airplane by the book. As long as
we were within legitimate gross weight limits and
we were very careful about our figuring out our
center of gravity and how much cargo we could carry
depending on the temperature and what have you and
we would carry that would limit or determine the
amount of cans of ammunition we'd carry. We'd
carry up sometimes as high as 42 cans of ammunition
which is a lot of things to fire at the enemy. And we
would offload those as the temperature increased
and what have you. And I had a couple of young pilots
who were still my friends that were able to bring
the airplane around, never getting much above 200
or 300 feet, following what the book said. Didn't
have to dump their ammo cans out for the local Viet
Cong to get hold of, but able to get back in. In fact,
one young man, Captain Thompson, the first time he
did it, I thought he was going to crash. I happened
to be watching his takeoff and saw him lose the
engine. And I really chewed his tail up one side,
down the other when he got it back into the parking
lot. More than one mission had gone by. I think his
second mission after that he lost an engine on
takeoff. And I also had one of the, I think the bias
wing commander with him. He made a perfect climb to
altitude back in for a landing. And he was just
really impressed about how the airplane worked
when you did it exactly right. and that sort of
convinced people to do what I asked them to do and
not try to improvise and so because of that we never
had any problems other than the few hits that we
took that were pretty severe battle damage we had a
couple airplanes that were down for a number of
weeks because of the damage they took but we were
always able to get them back in safely and without
any injuries or death um were supplies hard to come
by and if so why well yes like at times uh finding the
right parts for our for our engines were were very
difficult uh propellers and engine nose cones and
that sort of thing
really are at the At that time, that engine was also
used in the KT-87 by the Strategic Air Command, so
there was a high demand rate because they had a
tremendous schedule of flying. Of course, we had
six units with aircraft, 10 aircraft each flying
in Vietnam on a 24-hour-a-day basis, so you're
really putting time on engines. We were always
improvising. The Arvin people had C119s down at
the other end of the field, and we did an awful lot of
under-the-table trading with those guys. It
pretty well equalized out, but they were really
good at helping us when we just came up to a critical
point and we needed a carburetor or a magneto or
something, and it wasn't available and it wasn't
going to be in, and we just had to have the aircraft.
They really helped us out. I guess the key word in a
combat operation in a wartime situation is the
best grounder is going to have the best outfit. And
we certainly had some of the best there were. We
became so mobile. We had 17 vehicles when I left
there. And when I arrived, we had three. And so I had
run a motor pool one time. There were things
available there and how to get them and who to talk
to. We got the operation going. It was quite a show.
Were there any cases of corruption in the
squadron? Could you explain?
Mike, I don't know of anything that you could
classify as corruption. We traded things back in
the fourth. and i wouldn't call that corruption at
all the the no one ever stole anything if that's
what you're saying now in vietnam there were
stories about people getting very rich running
officers clubs or nco clubs uh i'm sure selling
supplies in the black market and what have you and i
know i know that did exist and probably most of the
people that had been there and left there sold
their little refrigerators on the black market
when they left the country. Probably a lot of them
sold their cigarettes downtown to make a few bucks
and I guess that's probably as corrupt as I would
think that anything happened. We did a lot of
dealing with army groups and we had amazing times
with the things that they gave to us in return. They
had a real problem because their young troops were
not allowed to buy hard liquor until they were 21
years old. And the average age of the Army line
troops was probably about 19 years old. And so they
could only have beer. And if you're out there
getting shot at every day and looking at the guys
through the jungle, I would think... i don't know
what psychologists have to say about it but you
sure need some sort of tranquilizer and the only
one that was readily available to everybody was
drugs of any sort i mean pure heroin marijuana you
know just hold your hand out somebody could put
some in there but hard whiskey was hard to come by we
all had ration cards and probably were allowed
more booze than we needed and About once a month,
once every two months, we would collect
everybody's ration card and go buy two or three
cases of booze, whatever we could dig up with our
extra tickets, and send them up to our buddies up at
Benoit. And sure enough, in a few days, a case of
filet mignons would show up on the doorstep or
something like that, and I guess that's
corruption of sorts, but we thought maybe we were
doing... our bit and of course we were paying for
our booze out of our pocket to see if we could help
alleviate the situation up there and we would just
take those steaks and we had a couple of barbecue
pits out back of the operations building and we'd
stand down for about two hours except for one
airplane that was always in the air and we'd have us
a big steak fry and have a big time and then we'd go
back to the business we were there for Okay, I see.
What was the social life like off the base?
Mike, it was a typical wartime situation. The
crowds there was amazing. Prostitution, of
course, always follows armies everywhere and
always will. In fact, our enlisted... all lived in
a contract hotel downtown. It would be located
right in the middle of the prostitution district,
which we always tried to get it changed, but it was
the best hotel we could get. So the location just
wasn't very good. We had some problems with
venereal disease. We got to where we called it
Gunner's disease for a while. That was one reason
why we put the gunners on a 6-1
tour of duty. If we gave them more than one day off,
we always seemed to have them over in the flight
surgeon's office. So when we stayed on 6-1, they
never seemed to get there, which I'm not sure where
the cause and effect is, but it sure worked.
Socially, There wasn't a lot of mixing. We turned
our organization over to the Arvin 30 days after I
left, and I got to know the new squadron commander
and operations officer very well. The squadron
commander was Vice President Key's personal
tennis coach and not a very impressive person, but
the operations officer was a young captain who was
really on the ball. We went out together a couple of
times in Saigon, and of course I had to pass to where
I could go in civilian clothes any time I wanted to
because I had to be able to check on my people down in
the area, but it gave me the latitude to go out, look
around the bars and see if our guys were doing
anything that was distracting. And you need to
stop. Let me finish what I was saying. I'll lead
right into what you want to talk about. The
operations officer was a nice young man. He took me
out a couple times and showed me parts of Saigon
that I would never imagine existed. The old
French-influenced restaurants and places. I've
been to nice restaurants, but nothing like what I
saw with him. And a whole different establishment
of the sort of upper-crust society. We spent the
entire time I was there, we were training the Arvin
people to take over our organization, their crew
members. They were all qualified in the 119, all
their first pilots were. Their co-pilot had
somewhere between 50 and 150 hours, which in our
system would not even get you out of flying school.
The first time we allowed one to try to land the
aircraft, it was an exciting experience. Their
other, you know, their first pilots, their
aircraft commander pilots were pretty
experienced young men. They knew what they were
doing in the aircraft.
Did the Arvin want to fight during this time? Or did
they just want to be with their family? You're
getting into a structure, a system that I observed
and I have my viewpoints on. I'm not sure how
accurate they are. While I was there, we had a six or
eight of us run at a top floor, you know, call it a
penthouse. It wasn't much of a place, a little
apartment on top of this building. And it was a
place I used three or four times. And of course,
every time I was down there to spend the night and
sit there and look out and watch the war and have a
drink by myself, someone would get in trouble and
get battle damage and they'd have to come dig me out
of Saigon and bring me back at three o'clock in the
morning. So after about third or fourth try at
that, I quit doing it. But I got to know the lady that
owned this place. And it seemed to me that The
majority of the Vietnamese that I met and talked
with through her and the other people that lived in
that building, they were a very closely knit group
and their area or block or what have you district
was the most important thing and the rest of the
country be damned. They didn't have the national
unity that we expect the whole world has. And so we,
at times, I guess, in our political structure and
our foreign operations, try to dictate what we
think everybody ought to feel. And probably their
upbringings and social orders and whatever don't
even come close to matching what we expect of them.
But that was one of the interesting things. I don't
know. The Vietnamese that we trained seemed
credible. A lot of attitude was hard for us to
understand. But of course, there's so much
difference in attitude between Westerner and
Easterner. You have to be so delicate in how you
talk to them. And you can't embarrass an aircraft
commander who makes a bad landing in front of his
people. I mean, he's lost face completely. You
can't criticize them when you critique their
flights afterwards. You had to be very careful
about what you said as a group, and individually
you could take them aside and say, now, these are
the things you probably ought to work on. But you
couldn't come straight out like you would to an
American serviceman and say, look, you screwed up
on this. Read the book. Let's sit back and see if we
can get this thing right. because they they just
didn't operate or think at all the way we did and
though they may be as intelligent or more
intelligent we are in in many ways our two
civilizations are quite opposed in thoughts and
how we perceive them um did your opinions of the
vietnamese change over the time period you were
there
from when you got there and then from when you left?
Mike, a lot of things changed in my mind. I remember
in 1967, I believe that was the time of melee, 67,
68, something like that, when I was flying B-58s
and a friend of mine who had flown B-58s had been to
Vietnam for
a combat tour in the line 105
had been there doing uh may line and i really don't
remember the year of may lie what have you but i do
remember being very opinionated about how
terrible i thought that they'd go out and shoot
women and children and this guy who i respect a
great deal looked at me and said bill
if you haven't been there you don't know what
you're talking about And after being there, I can
understand the things that motivated those
people to do the things that we call war
atrocities. I suppose the reason why we didn't get
to have Nuremberg trials in World War II is because
we were the winners. If we had lost, we had as many
war atrocities happening by our own military
people. In everyday life, the brutality of people
can exhibit to each other. I don't suppose down
deep inside we're much different than the German
soldiers were or what have you. But those young
kids and women would kill you just as soon as, if
they were on drugs or were dedicated to the Viet
Cong or whatever they believed in, they were going
to throw a hand grenade at you. shoot you down with a
gun as quickly as anybody else. My view of what was
going on in the war and the area changed. My feeling
for Vietnamese people
has never been any other than they're a country
that deserved to be a country. They're nice
people. I don't know any Vietnamese now from the
war. Most of my work was over in Cambodia, so I'm
more familiar with those folks. They
had a tough life. We were dictating Western ideas
to them. Obviously, their leaders were quite
corrupt. Vice President Key certainly was.
They were making millions and millions of dollars
out of the war, and it certainly wasn't helping the
people. Did they want to fight? I don't know. They
had somebody there to fight for them the whole
time. Why should they fight? But that country, the
history of that area, has been 3,000 years of
continuous conflict. There's never been a
peaceful time. Probably today in the last year has
probably been one of the more peaceful eras of
their existence. There had been constant
conflict in that area forever.
So fighting is part of their existence. See, in
your opinion, why did we lose the war? Well, that's
not my opinion anymore than anybody else's, but we
didn't lose the war. We weren't there to win it is
our problem. As any time when you have And this is
speaking as a military person. And I don't believe
in a lot of the things that I went there believing in
back in 1970. But the people that try to run the
military machine as politicians, they don't
understand what the operation has to be about. And
so you can't set a bunch of rules on yourself and
fight against somebody that has no rules and no
boundaries. We were limited. We couldn't cross
the DMZ. We couldn't legally go out of Vietnam. So
they could go in and out. They could regroup any
place on the other side of the fence, and we were
restricted from doing anything about it. If we
beat them, we couldn't take that territory. Out in
Cambodia, if we... won that battle, we had to go
back home again. We couldn't stay in there and take
it away from them. And you can't win a war. It's the
same as we established in the Korean War. If you
limit yourself by a boundary and the other people
have no boundaries that they have to be limited by,
then they can have all their munitions and all
their supplies there and just move in and out. And
so it's not the same kind of fire rules. And there's
a war of attrition. So what was the answer? The
politicians say, okay, turn the Army and the Air
Force loose and let them just take over the area.
Would that have started World War III with China?
Who knows? But the mission we had there was one of
containment, and you can't win that. I mean, it's
just, it's not possible. So you get your people
killed for trying to defend a piece of real estate,
and they come in there and shoot at you and then go
back home. They're always fighting you and your
vocation. It's a heck of a way, and that's why there
were so many hard feelings and why after 11 months I
woke up one day and said, geez, nothing's changed.
11 months had gone by. We shot a lot of ammunition.
We've killed a lot of the enemy. We've done as good
as we can, and nothing's changed. We're still
doing the same thing we were the first day I was
here. So we felt like we weren't ever gaining on
them. I see. I'm going to ask you just one last
question. What impact did Vietnam have on your
life during and after the war?
Mike, it's a hard question to ask. During the war,
it was something I trained for for 16 years. I was a
professional military person, a pilot. I guess I
flew 24 different aircraft in my career. I had been
to a number of combat schools. I was finally
putting to work something that I trained for for
years. It was a real, I guess you want to call it a
macho man's world, a man's existence. The men
rule. It was an interesting, interesting thing
and an experience I would not like to repeat, but I
darn sure wouldn't want to have missed it after the
war or after my experience there. I sort of put it in
my hip pocket. I guess I've talked about being in
Vietnam 20 times since I've been there. I don't
talk about it very much. Only when someone asks me
to recount something about it. But except when I
get with my old buddies sometimes when we have
reunions, then we might talk about it. But just
everyday conversation, I really don't have a lot
to say. It has not affected me. one way or another. I
was awarded a DFC for killing a number of Viet Cong
on a mission and getting the airplane back with
some pretty good battle damage. I kill people that
it doesn't bother me. It was a thing that they were
trying to kill me and I was trying to keep these
other people alive so I figured it was a The thing
we're all there for, as far as affecting my life, I
don't think we've ever done that or ever will. I
felt I did it with honor and dignity, and if you do
that, I think you can survive it. I can't tell you
what the people that were in the lines out in the
jungle experienced, because that was a whole
different world. We went out on our missions,
fought, came back, had a few beers, went to sleep on
air conditioning, BOQ with clean sheets. How can
you compare that with a guy that's living out in a
foxhole someplace? I'm sure he's got a completely
different attitude on what it did for him then and
in years to come. And it's obvious in some of the
things you see happening so many years later with
people that were in the trenches, so to speak,
still having serious problems. All right. Thank
you, Dr. Greger. I appreciate your time.